You can see that here we have the home kit.
And for example we have this message on the tablet sale and that's on the one with you the fifty dollars
and they use the $10.
So we're agreed in our special offer for these broke.
But let's see for example some tricks that you can apply to display the discounts in your website search
review.
The rule of one candidate the idea of these is to show the most significant discount to your customers.
So for example if your broke is less than $100.
And let's say that you have a brother that you're selling $60 and you have a special offer selling this
and selling this broke at $45 don't use say $50.
That doesn't seem very significant.
Instead you can use say 25 percent in the other hand if your brother is more than $100.
And you're selling or broke at $600 and you have a special offer selling the same broke for a hundred
and fifty dollars.
I recommend that you use save one hundred and fifty dollars.
Try to avoid U.S. and say 25 percent in this case.
One hundred and fifty seems to be more significant than 25 percent.
So let's apply that rule of 100 you know restore with some called.